---
title: Facilitate the interweaving
---
## Drawloom
Here's some text to give a sense of what an email woven by **Loom** looks like. Let's see what [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loom) has to say:

A loom is a device used to weave cloth and tapestry. The basic purpose of any loom is to hold the warp threads under tension to facilitate the interweaving of the weft threads. The precise shape of the loom and its mechanics may vary, but the basic function is the same.

The word 'loom' is derived from the Old English *geloma*, formed from *ge-* (perfective prefix) and *loma*, a root of unknown origin; this meant a utensil, tool, or machine of any kind. In 01404 it was used to mean a machine to enable weaving thread into cloth. By 01838, it had gained the meaning of a machine for interlacing thread.

## Drawloom
A drawloom is a hand-loom for weaving figured cloth. In a drawloom, a 'figure harness' is used to control each warp thread separately. A drawloom requires two operators, the weaver and an assistant called a "drawboy" to manage the figure harness. The earliest confirmed drawloom fabrics come from the State of Chu and date c. 00400 BC. Most scholars attribute the invention of the drawloom to the ancient Chinese, although some speculate an independent invention from ancient Syria since drawloom fabrics found in Dura-Europas are thought to date before 00256 AD. The draw loom for patterned weaving was invented in ancient China during the Han Dynasty. Chinese weavers and artisans used foot-powered multi-harness looms and jacquard looms for silk weaving and embroidery; both of which were cottage industries with imperial workshops. The Chinese-invented drawloom enhanced and sped up the production of silk and play a significant role in Chinese silk weaving. The loom was later introduced to Persia, India, and Europe.

## Handloom
A handloom is a simple machine used for weaving. In a wooden vertical-shaft looms, the heddles are fixed in place in the shaft. The warp threads pass alternately through a heddle, and through a space between the heddles (the shed), so that raising the shaft raises half the threads (those passing through the heddles), and lowering the shaft lowers the same threads --- the threads passing through the spaces between the heddles remain in place. This was a great invention in the 13th century.
