---
title: ShefDevSoc AGM
---
Hey everyone, I wanted to announce that we'll be hosting an online EGM in the coming days to expand our committee.  You can nominate yourself for one of three roles until **June 11th at 23:59**. 

## Rules
  - Applicants must be society members
  - No applications will be accepted after the deadline.
  - Once an application is submitted, it cannot be changed.
  - Applicants must be students studying at the University of Sheffield from 2023 to 2024.
  - Multiple Support Officers can be appointed.

## Roles
**Technical Officer:**

Responsible for ensuring computer rooms booked for events are prepared with necessary equipment. They will handle maintenance of any future equipment, such as consoles and dev kits. They'll also collaborate with the Secretary to ensure rooms have everything needed for events and contact IT for any additional support.

**Academic Secretary:**

Works alongside the Social Secretary to organize educational events, including talks and self-contained sessions. They will plan events and, together with the committee, decide which ones to proceed with. They will also reach out to industry professionals and society members to invite them for talks or sessions.

**Support Officer:**(There  can be multiple)

Acts as a point of contact for members seeking help with their projects. They provide help wherever possible during our teaching-focused sessions and serve as a reliable source of support for newer members throughout their game dev journey.

\
\
To nominate yourself, sign in with your university email and fill out the Google form at this link: [Google Forms](https://forms.gle/piFxmqix3s1dchQP9)

After nominations close, voting will be open from **June 13th to June 15th at 23:59**. Applicants' statements will be provided to help you choose the best person for the job.

We're looking forward to seeing some new faces in the committee! 😃 