---
title: ShefDevSoc Announcements!
---
# Hey everyone!

# We've got some fantastic announcements for the upcoming weeks.

## Welcoming New Committee Members

Our EGM (Emergency General Meeting) has concluded, and we're thrilled to introduce our new committee members:

- **Academic Officer:** Tami Adebayo
- **General Members:** Luca Devlin and Yishan Huang

If you missed the chance to apply or are interested in joining for the next academic year, keep an eye out for committee elections in April. We hope to see many of you participating!

## Sumo Digital Studio Visit

Get ready for our first monthly Sumo Digital Studio Visit!

**Date:** October 26, 2023
**Time:** 4:00 PM - 6:00 PM

This event will replace our usual Thursday Session next week and should be a pretty relaxed visit. We'll watch a GDC (Game Development Conference) talk, enjoy some snacks, engage with employees to learn about their work, and even get feedback on your projects.

Please note that only 20 spots are available for this visit. But don't worry if you miss this one, as future visits will be unlimited and scheduled at more convenient times. To express your interest, fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/u/0/d/e/1FAIpQLSdLSFRpv9Om9frUHQnCmYjO6KG8hvX0qC4BxeMSHj_bLrVUEQ/viewform?usp=sf_link). Remember, you must be a member to join us.

## Project Pixel Meet & Greet

We've teamed up with Project Pixel for an exciting Meet & Greet!

**Date:** October 24, 2023
**Time:** 6:00 PM - 8:00 PM
**Location:** Diamond, Workroom 3

Discover more about Project Pixel, explore the various roles within the group, and see showcases of the games they've worked on. Ask questions about their processes and internal workings while enjoying some fun party games. To secure your spot, please complete [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd1H7Cp0sUhtK9uTfuBRxlM9wgxlyL0YZD3T4fhRc2lYlkhMw/viewform).

## Upcoming Tutorial Sessions

After completing our Unity 2D suite of sessions, we're excited to bring you new content in our next session.

**Date:** November 2, 2023
**Time:** 5:30 PM - 7:30 PM
**Location:** Arts Tower, Lecture Theatre 1

Stay tuned for the announcement on the specific content being taught closer to the session date. Meanwhile, share your preferences for what you'd like to learn in our [Discord](https://discord.gg/Kzhe3cVg8b)!

## Wednesday Workshops

Starting on November 1, 2023, we're introducing a new weekly event.

**Time:** 1:00 PM - 4:00 PM

Join us in a dedicated room where members can work on their projects, collaborate with fellow developers, and enjoy a supportive atmosphere. We'll provide snacks and run special events on various days to help add some variety to the workshops. Regardless of your skill level, this is a great opportunity to meet like-minded individuals passionate about game development.

Don't miss out on these exciting events; we look forward to seeing you there!