---
title: Week 7 Announcements 
---

## Sumo Digital Studio Visit

We're going to be having our Sumo Digital visit with members from Hallam GameDevSoc again next Week!

Just as a quick reminder, it'll be a fairly relaxed visit where we'll watch a GDC (Game Development Conference) talk with some snacks, get to talk to employees about what they do, see what they're working on and receive feedback on any work you've done **(I highly recommend you bring along anything you've worked on even if isn't great!!)**

We only have a limited number of places (at 10 people) for the visit, so it'll be a case of first come, first served. However, there'll be visits every month so you'll be able to come to the next

So if you'd like to come fill out this [form](https://forms.gle/4WTJ8majBNPabFJJ7) ASAP to not miss your chance! Remember, you **must** be a society member to attend.

**When:** Nov 27th,  4 - 6 PM
**Where:** 32 Jessops Riverside, Sheffield, S9 2RX

## Steel Jam 2024

We're going to be hosting a Game Jam alongside Hallam GameDevSoc, which will be running from the 30th Nov to 1st Dec!

You'll have 24 hours to make a game based on a theme, that will be announced on the day, with others or by yourself. In between all of this, there will also be breaks in between with free pizza and snacks to help make sure you have the energy to push through.

If you're interested, you can find out more on our [website](https://bit.ly/SteelJam2024) and sign up by filling in this [form](https://forms.gle/RGVLEnAHnYxaf77s9)

However, we do have some less than good news. We are going to be moving between 2 different rooms for the first and second day due to booking issues. It also won't be overnight because the Diamond is no longer open 24 hours :(

### Day 1

**When:**  Nov 30th 10:00 - 21:30
**Where:** Diamond, Workroom 1

### Day 2

**When:**  Dec 1st 8:00 - 16:00
**Where:** Diamond, Workroom 2
