---
title: Week 4 Extra Announcements 
---

Hey everyone, we got some extra announcements to share...

&nbsp;

# Wednesday Meetups
As we finish the Godot sessions, we're opening up the weekly meetups again.

Join us in a dedicated room where members can work on their own projects, work with other devs, and enjoy a supportive atmosphere. If there is enough requests for it, I can also spend time covering niche stuff that people need help with in these meetups.

There’ll be free snacks too :)

**When:** Wednesdays, 2 - 4 PM
**Where:** TBD (Still waiting for the SU to tell us what we'll get)

&nbsp;

# Sumo Digital Studio Visit
We're going to be having our first Sumo Digital visit with members from Hallam GameDevSoc next Week!

Just as a quick reminder, it'll be a fairly relaxed visit where we'll watch a GDC (Game Development Conference) talk with some snacks, get to talk to employees about what they do, see what they're working on and receive feedback on any work you've done **(I highly recommend you bring along anything you've worked on even if isn't great!!)**

We only have a limited number of places (at 10 people) for the visit, so it'll be a case of first come, first served. However, there'll be visits every month so you'll be able to come to the next

So if you'd like to come fill out this [form](https://forms.gle/JUEHaMuymkkDAciMA) ASAP to not miss your chance! Remember, you **must** be a society member to attend.

**When:** Wednesday, 30/10/24,  4 - 6 PM
**Where:** 32 Jessops Riverside, Sheffield, S9 2RX

&nbsp;

# Future Sessions
Now that we've finished the sessions on the basics of Godot, our next session will be on how to go about making a good in game tutorial (More info on this will come at the start of next week)

We've also had to swap around the session structure with the Music session swapping with the Pixel Art session. Other than that it is the same as before.