---
title: Week 2 Announcements
---

## This Week's Session

This week, we'll be diving into coding with GDScript, starting from the absolute basics. The session is tailored for complete beginners to programming, so if you're new, this is for you!

For those with experience, I'll be adding some slides at the end that cover some Godot-specific functionality and a few advanced topics that might still be useful to you. Even if you can't make it to the session, I recommend checking out the slides!

**When:** Thursday, 5 - 7 PM
**Where:** Computer Room 4, The Diamond

*If you're not a University of Sheffield member, please DM me so I can inform security and get you access*

## National Video Game Museum Visit

This Saturday, we're heading to the National Video Game Museum from 2 - 5 PM! Tickets usually cost £12, but our tickets will be £8 with the excess being covered by us.

We're gearing to release tickets tomorrow, and we'll announce it as soon as the SU page goes live.

I do want to apologize for how last minute these tickets are releasing. In future we'll announce these bigger events much earlier.

## EGM

We're moving the EGM to the **17th October**, which will take place during our session next week. The deadline for nominating yourself for a committee position is **noon on the same day**.

Interested in joining the committee? Fill out the nomination form here:
[Nomination Form](https://forms.gle/cfAHv6pFAgJxJFFdA)

## Interest & Feedback Form

Once again, here's our **Interest & Feedback Form**.

We’ve included questions about our upcoming **Game Jam** and the **Sumo Digital Studio Visit** and if you'd be coming along. Plus, let us know if you’d be interested in weekly meetups where we book a room and make games together! There’s space for general feedback too—tell us what topics you’d like to see in future sessions.

[Interest & Feedback Form](https://forms.gle/hqVTvxw5akihkLao7)
If you have time to fill it out, it would really help us with planning. Thanks!
