---
title: Game Development Society is Back!
---

Game development society is back, and we have a couple of exiting Give it a Go sessions coming up for anyone interested in trying out the society, completely free. 


## GIAG 1: Make your own Mafia (TODAY)

The rules of ‘Mafia’ are used as the base. In this version, before the first game, every player designs their own role on a slip of paper, guided by a set of archetypes (Villager, Mafia, Wildcard, e.t.c.).

The slips are then shuffled and redistributed randomly, meaning players could end up negatively affected if they make an overpowered role, or benefit from good balancing. After each game is played, we’ll obviously throw out any terribly overpowered/designed roles, and then reshuffle and replay.

The aim is, together, we create a unique and well-balanced version of Mafia.

It should introduce character design and game balancing techniques in a novel way.

**When:** Thu 2nd October, 17:30

**Where:** Diamond Workroom 3

**Link:** [Here](https://shefgamedevsoc.github.io/events/2025-10-02-GIAG25/)

&nbsp;

## GIAG 2: Pitch your Game (Next Monday)

Interactive group session, where we will design and pitch your rough ideas for new games.

We will focus on aspects such as appealing to your target audience, your art style, your USP and core things like gameplay.

We will do some speaking, then we hope to do some presentations in groups.

**When:** Mon 6th October, 17:00

**Where:** Pam Liversidge Building, Design Studio 2 (E05)

**Link:** [Here](https://shefgamedevsoc.github.io/events/2025-10-06-WS01/)